gh-42664: Preserve first instance of duplicate cookies as per RFC 6265 (#116253)
python/cpython: Doc/library/http.cookies.rst

.. _cookie-objects:

> 

Reviewer: I guess these two blank lines were introduced by accident. If so, please remove them.

   >>> print(C)
   Set-Cookie: number=7
   Set-Cookie: string=seven

Handling of Duplicate Cookies
-----------------------------

> As per ``RFC 6265``, the ``http.cookies`` module has been updated to better align with standard practices for handling duplicate cookies. Previously, if multiple cookies with the same name were encountered, the last value provided would be retained. With the update, the first value encountered for a given cookie name is preserved, reflecting the behavior commonly expected by web servers and user agents.

Reviewer 2: Instead of ``` ``RFC 6265`` ```, please, use `rfc` directive ([example](https://github.com/python/cpython/blob/87faec28c78f6fa8eaaebbd1ababf687c7508e71/Doc/library/http.cookies.rst?plain=1#L20))
Same for ``` ``http.cookies`` ``` ([example](https://github.com/python/cpython/blob/87faec28c78f6fa8eaaebbd1ababf687c7508e71/Doc/library/http.cookies.rst?plain=1#L14))

> 
> 
> Handling of Duplicate Cookies
> -----------------------------
> 
> As per ``RFC 6265``, the ``http.cookies`` module has been updated to better align with standard practices for handling duplicate cookies. Previously, if multiple cookies with the same name were encountered, the last value provided would be retained. With the update, the first value encountered for a given cookie name is preserved, reflecting the behavior commonly expected by web servers and user agents.
> 
> .. note::
>    This modification affects how ``SimpleCookie`` parses cookie strings containing multiple instances of the same cookie name. Now, the first instance is retained, which is particularly relevant when cookies are set with differing paths or domains, where the order in the HTTP header can imply precedence.
> 
> Example Usage:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

Handling of Duplicate Cookies
-----------------------------

As per :rfc:`6265`, the :mod:`http.cookies` module tries to align with
standard practices for handling duplicate cookies. More precisely, the
first value encountered for a given cookie name is preserved, thereby
affecting how :class:`.SimpleCookie` objects parse cookie strings with
multiple instances of the same cookie name. For instance:
```
